feat(query-tee): Support query-tee comparisons for multiple secondary backends (#13022)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/manage/tools/query-tee.md

### Backend results comparison

The query-tee can optionally compare the query results received from multiple backends.
The query results comparison can be enabled setting the flag `-proxy.compare-responses=true` and requires that:

1. At least two backends have been configured setting `-backend.endpoints`.

> 1. A preferred backend is configured setting `-backend.preferred`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You've configured a preferred backend by setting `-backend.preferred`.
```

# HELP cortex_querytee_responses_compared_total Total number of responses compared per route name by result.
# TYPE cortex_querytee_responses_compared_total counter
cortex_querytee_responses_compared_total{route="<route>",secondary_backend="<hostname>",result="<success|fail|skip>"}
```

Additionally, if backend results comparison is configured, two native histograms are available:

> - `cortex_querytee_backend_response_relative_duration_seconds{route="<route>",secondary_backend="<hostname>"}`: Time (in seconds) of secondary backend less preferred backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cortex_querytee_backend_response_relative_duration_seconds{route="<route>",secondary_backend="<hostname>"}`: Time (in seconds) of the secondary backend minus the preferred backend, for each secondary backend.
```
